Real Madrid was founded in 1902.
Real Madrid is based in Madrid, Spain.
Real Madrid plays home matches at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium.
Real Madrid has won more European Cups than any other club.
Real Madrid won the first European Cup in 1956.
Real Madrid won five consecutive European Cups from 1956 to 1960.
Real Madrid's traditional home kit is white.
Real Madrid is nicknamed Los Blancos.
Real Madrid won multiple La Liga titles.
Real Madrid has won numerous Copa del Rey trophies.
Alfredo Di Stéfano became a Real Madrid legend.
Ferenc Puskás starred for Real Madrid in the 1950s and 1960s.
Cristiano Ronaldo became Real Madrid's all-time top scorer.
Raúl spent most of his career at Real Madrid.
Iker Casillas captained Real Madrid and Spain.
Real Madrid won La Décima in 2014.
Real Madrid won three consecutive Champions Leagues from 2016 to 2018.
Zinedine Zidane coached Real Madrid to three straight Champions League titles.
Real Madrid has won FIFA Club World Cup titles.
Real Madrid is one of the world's most valuable football clubs.
Barcelona was founded in 1899.
Barcelona is based in Catalonia, Spain.
Barcelona plays at Camp Nou.
Barcelona's colors are blue and garnet.
Barcelona is commonly known as Barça.
Barcelona won multiple UEFA Champions League titles.
Barcelona won numerous La Liga titles.
Barcelona's academy is called La Masia.
Lionel Messi developed at La Masia.
Johan Cruyff played for Barcelona.
Johan Cruyff later coached Barcelona.
Pep Guardiola coached Barcelona's successful era.
Barcelona won a continental treble in 2009.
Barcelona won another treble in 2015.
Xavi spent most of his career at Barcelona.
Andrés Iniesta became a club legend.
Ronaldinho won the Ballon d'Or while at Barcelona.
Barcelona is known for possession-based football.
Barcelona has one of football's largest fan bases.
Manchester United was founded in 1878 as Newton Heath.
Manchester United adopted its current name in 1902.
Manchester United is based in Manchester, England.
Manchester United plays at Old Trafford.
Old Trafford is nicknamed the Theatre of Dreams.
Manchester United won multiple English league titles.
Manchester United won the 1968 European Cup.
Manchester United won the 1999 UEFA Champions League.
Manchester United achieved a treble in 1999.
Sir Alex Ferguson managed Manchester United for over 26 years.
Ryan Giggs made over 900 appearances for the club.
Paul Scholes spent his entire senior career at United.
Wayne Rooney became Manchester United's record scorer.
Cristiano Ronaldo won his first Ballon d'Or at United.
Manchester United won the Champions League in 2008.
George Best played for Manchester United.
Bobby Charlton survived the Munich air disaster.
Manchester United has won numerous FA Cups.
Manchester United is among football's most supported clubs.
Liverpool was founded in 1892.
Liverpool is based in Liverpool, England.
Liverpool plays at Anfield.
Anfield's famous stand is called The Kop.
Liverpool's traditional home color is red.
Liverpool won multiple English league titles.
Liverpool has won multiple European Cups.
Liverpool won the 1977 European Cup.
Liverpool won the 1984 European Cup.
Liverpool completed a historic comeback in the 2005 Champions League final.
Liverpool won the Champions League again in 2019.
Bill Shankly transformed Liverpool's fortunes.
Bob Paisley won three European Cups as manager.
Steven Gerrard captained Liverpool for many years.
Kenny Dalglish is a Liverpool legend.
Mohamed Salah became one of Liverpool's top scorers.
Liverpool won the Premier League in 2020.
Liverpool has won numerous League Cups.
Liverpool is one of England's most successful clubs.
Arsenal was founded in 1886.
Arsenal is based in North London.
Arsenal plays home matches at Emirates Stadium.
Arsenal previously played at Highbury.
Arsenal won multiple English league titles.
Arsenal won numerous FA Cups.
Arsenal completed the Invincibles season in 2003–04.
Arsenal went unbeaten in the Premier League during the Invincibles season.
Arsène Wenger managed Arsenal from 1996 to 2018.
Thierry Henry became Arsenal's all-time top scorer.
Dennis Bergkamp starred for Arsenal.
Patrick Vieira captained Arsenal.
Tony Adams spent his entire senior career at Arsenal.
Arsenal won the Cup Winners' Cup in 1994.
Arsenal reached the Champions League final in 2006.
Arsenal's traditional home shirt is red and white.
Arsenal is nicknamed the Gunners.
Arsenal has one of England's largest fan bases.
Arsenal won the FA Cup a record number of times.
Chelsea was founded in 1905.
Chelsea is based in West London.
Chelsea plays at Stamford Bridge.
Chelsea won its first league title in 1955.
Chelsea won the Premier League in 2005.
Chelsea won back-to-back Premier League titles under José Mourinho.
Chelsea won the Champions League in 2012.
Chelsea won the Champions League again in 2021.
Didier Drogba scored in the 2012 Champions League final.
Frank Lampard is Chelsea's all-time top scorer.
John Terry captained Chelsea for many years.
Petr Čech kept numerous clean sheets for Chelsea.
Chelsea won multiple FA Cups.
Chelsea won multiple League Cups.
Chelsea won the Europa League twice.
Chelsea achieved a continental double in 2021.
Chelsea's home kit is traditionally blue.
Chelsea is nicknamed the Blues.
Chelsea has won numerous domestic trophies.
Manchester City was founded in 1880 as St. Mark's.
Manchester City is based in Manchester, England.
Manchester City plays at the Etihad Stadium.
Manchester City won the Premier League in 2012.
Sergio Agüero scored City's famous 2012 title-winning goal.
Manchester City won multiple Premier League titles under Pep Guardiola.
Manchester City achieved a domestic treble in 2019.
Manchester City won the Champions League in 2023.
Kevin De Bruyne became a key player for City.
David Silva starred in City's midfield.
Vincent Kompany captained Manchester City.
Yaya Touré helped City win major trophies.
Manchester City won the FA Cup multiple times.
Manchester City won the League Cup multiple times.
City's traditional home color is sky blue.
Manchester City won a continental treble in 2023.
Erling Haaland broke scoring records at City.
Manchester City has dominated English football in the Guardiola era.
Manchester City was formerly known as Ardwick.
Bayern Munich was founded in 1900.
Bayern Munich is based in Munich, Germany.
Bayern Munich plays at Allianz Arena.
Bayern Munich has won the most Bundesliga titles.
Bayern Munich won multiple European Cups.
Bayern Munich won the Champions League in 2001.
Bayern Munich won the Champions League in 2013.
Bayern Munich won the Champions League in 2020.
Bayern Munich achieved a sextuple in 2020.
Franz Beckenbauer became a Bayern legend.
Gerd Müller scored hundreds of goals for Bayern.
Oliver Kahn captained Bayern Munich.
Thomas Müller spent most of his career at Bayern.
Bayern Munich's colors are red and white.
Bayern Munich won numerous DFB-Pokal titles.
Bayern Munich dominates German domestic football.
Bayern Munich is Germany's most successful club.
Bayern Munich won three consecutive European Cups in the 1970s.
Bayern Munich has one of Europe's largest memberships.
Borussia Dortmund was founded in 1909.
Borussia Dortmund is based in Dortmund, Germany.
Borussia Dortmund plays at Signal Iduna Park.
The Südtribüne is Europe's largest terrace stand.
Borussia Dortmund won multiple Bundesliga titles.
Borussia Dortmund won the Champions League in 1997.
Borussia Dortmund reached the Champions League final in 2013.
Borussia Dortmund's colors are black and yellow.
Dortmund is known for passionate supporters.
Jürgen Klopp managed Dortmund successfully.
Dortmund won consecutive Bundesliga titles in 2011 and 2012.
Marco Reus became a club icon.
Robert Lewandowski starred at Dortmund before joining Bayern.
Erling Haaland played for Dortmund.
Borussia Dortmund won the Intercontinental Cup in 1997.
Dortmund has a strong youth development reputation.
Dortmund won multiple DFB-Pokal trophies.
Borussia Dortmund is among Germany's most popular clubs.
Signal Iduna Park holds over 80,000 spectators.
Borussia Dortmund regularly competes in European competitions.
Juventus was founded in 1897.
Juventus is based in Turin, Italy.
Juventus is nicknamed the Old Lady.
Juventus plays at Allianz Stadium.
Juventus has won the most Serie A titles.
Juventus won the European Cup in 1985.
Juventus won the Champions League in 1996.
Alessandro Del Piero became a Juventus legend.
Gianluigi Buffon made hundreds of appearances for Juventus.
Juventus won multiple Coppa Italia titles.
Juventus achieved nine consecutive Serie A titles.
Juventus traditionally wears black and white stripes.
Michel Platini played for Juventus.
Pavel Nedvěd won the Ballon d'Or while at Juventus.
Cristiano Ronaldo played for Juventus from 2018 to 2021.
Juventus reached several Champions League finals.
Juventus is Italy's most supported club.
Juventus won multiple domestic doubles.
Juventus has produced many Italian internationals.
Juventus was a founding member of Serie A.
AC Milan was founded in 1899.
AC Milan is based in Milan, Italy.
AC Milan plays at San Siro.
AC Milan wears red and black stripes.
AC Milan won multiple European Cups.
AC Milan won the Champions League in 2003.
AC Milan won the Champions League in 2007.
Paolo Maldini spent his career at AC Milan.
Franco Baresi became a Milan legend.
Marco van Basten starred for AC Milan.
Ruud Gullit played for AC Milan.
Kaká won the Ballon d'Or while at Milan.
AC Milan won numerous Serie A titles.
Arrigo Sacchi coached a legendary Milan team.
Carlo Ancelotti managed Milan successfully.
AC Milan won multiple Supercoppa Italiana trophies.
AC Milan has one of Europe's richest histories.
AC Milan won two European Cups under Sacchi.
AC Milan remains among Italy's most successful clubs.
Inter Milan was founded in 1908.
Inter Milan is based in Milan, Italy.
Inter Milan shares San Siro with AC Milan.
Inter Milan's colors are blue and black.
Inter Milan has never been relegated from Serie A.
Inter Milan won the Champions League in 1964.
Inter Milan won the Champions League in 1965.
Inter Milan won the Champions League in 2010.
José Mourinho led Inter to a treble in 2010.
Javier Zanetti captained Inter for many years.
Inter Milan won multiple Serie A titles.
Giuseppe Meazza is associated with Inter history.
Ronaldo Nazário played for Inter Milan.
Inter won consecutive league titles in the 2000s.
Inter Milan has won several Coppa Italia trophies.
Inter is one of Italy's most successful clubs.
Inter won the UEFA Cup multiple times.
Inter's rivalry with Milan is called the Derby della Madonnina.
Inter regularly competes in European tournaments.
Paris Saint-Germain was founded in 1970.
Paris Saint-Germain is based in Paris, France.
PSG plays at Parc des Princes.
PSG's traditional colors are blue, red, and white.
PSG won multiple Ligue 1 titles.
PSG became dominant in French football during the 2010s.
Zlatan Ibrahimović played for PSG.
Neymar joined PSG in 2017.
Kylian Mbappé joined PSG in 2017.
Lionel Messi played for PSG.
PSG reached the Champions League final in 2020.
PSG won numerous Coupe de France titles.
Edinson Cavani became a leading scorer for PSG.
PSG won multiple domestic trebles.
PSG is France's most commercially prominent club.
Ronaldinho played for PSG early in his career.
PSG regularly qualifies for the Champions League.
Parc des Princes is one of France's most famous stadiums.
PSG has won multiple French Super Cups.
Ajax was founded in 1900.
Ajax is based in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
Ajax plays at Johan Cruyff Arena.
Ajax won four European Cups.
Ajax won three consecutive European Cups from 1971 to 1973.
Ajax is famous for Total Football.
Johan Cruyff emerged from Ajax.
Ajax won numerous Eredivisie titles.
Ajax is known for youth development.
Ajax developed many Dutch internationals.
Ajax won the Champions League in 1995.
Louis van Gaal coached Ajax to European success.
Ajax's academy is among the world's best.
Ajax produced Dennis Bergkamp.
Ajax produced Wesley Sneijder.
Ajax produced Matthijs de Ligt.
Ajax produced Frenkie de Jong.
Ajax has won multiple KNVB Cups.
Ajax is the Netherlands' most successful club.
Ajax regularly competes in European tournaments.
Benfica was founded in 1904.
Benfica is based in Lisbon, Portugal.
Benfica plays at Estádio da Luz.
Benfica won back-to-back European Cups in 1961 and 1962.
Eusébio became Benfica's greatest legend.
Benfica has won numerous Primeira Liga titles.
Benfica has won many Taça de Portugal trophies.
Benfica is one of Portugal's Big Three clubs.
Benfica has one of the largest memberships worldwide.
Benfica's traditional color is red.
Benfica reached multiple European finals.
Eusébio won the Ballon d'Or while at Benfica.
Benfica developed many Portuguese internationals.
Benfica regularly competes in European competitions.
Benfica won numerous domestic doubles.
Benfica has a fierce rivalry with Porto.
Benfica is among Portugal's most successful clubs.
Benfica won many league titles in the 1960s.
Benfica's eagle symbolizes the club.
Benfica remains a powerhouse in Portuguese football.
Porto was founded in 1893.
Porto is based in Porto, Portugal.
Porto plays at Estádio do Dragão.
Porto won the European Cup in 1987.
Porto won the Champions League in 2004.
José Mourinho led Porto to Champions League success.
Porto has won numerous Primeira Liga titles.
Porto is one of Portugal's Big Three clubs.
Porto won multiple Taça de Portugal trophies.
Porto's traditional colors are blue and white.
Porto has won UEFA Cup and Europa League titles.
Porto regularly develops talented players.
Porto has a strong scouting network.
Porto won the Intercontinental Cup twice.
Radamel Falcao played for Porto.
Deco starred during Porto's European success.
Porto frequently competes in the Champions League.
Porto has a major rivalry with Benfica.
Porto is among Portugal's most successful clubs.
Porto has won many domestic doubles.
Boca Juniors was founded in 1905.
Boca Juniors is based in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Boca Juniors plays at La Bombonera.
Boca Juniors wears blue and yellow colors.
Boca Juniors won multiple Copa Libertadores titles.
Diego Maradona played for Boca Juniors.
Juan Román Riquelme became a Boca legend.
Boca Juniors won numerous Argentine league titles.
Boca Juniors won Intercontinental Cups.
Boca Juniors has one of South America's largest fan bases.
Carlos Tevez played for Boca Juniors.
Boca Juniors has a fierce rivalry with River Plate.
The Boca-River match is called the Superclásico.
Boca Juniors developed many Argentine internationals.
Boca regularly competes in continental tournaments.
Boca Juniors has won domestic cups.
Boca Juniors is among South America's most successful clubs.
La Bombonera is famous for its atmosphere.
Boca Juniors attracts passionate support.
Boca Juniors has produced many notable forwards.
River Plate was founded in 1901.
River Plate is based in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
River Plate plays at Estadio Monumental.
River Plate wears a white shirt with a red sash.
River Plate won multiple Copa Libertadores titles.
River Plate won numerous Argentine league championships.
River Plate has a fierce rivalry with Boca Juniors.
The Superclásico is Argentina's biggest club fixture.
River Plate developed many Argentine internationals.
Alfredo Di Stéfano played for River Plate.
River Plate won the Libertadores in 2018.
River Plate has one of South America's largest stadiums.
River Plate has won domestic cups.
River Plate is among Argentina's most successful clubs.
Marcelo Gallardo enjoyed success as River manager.
River Plate regularly competes in continental tournaments.
River Plate has a strong youth academy.
River Plate has produced many midfielders.
River Plate enjoys a large global following.
River Plate won several national doubles.
Santos was founded in 1912.
Santos is based in Santos, Brazil.
Santos plays at Vila Belmiro.
Pelé spent most of his career at Santos.
Santos won multiple Copa Libertadores titles.
Santos won Intercontinental Cups.
Neymar began his senior career at Santos.
Santos is known for attacking football.
Santos won numerous Campeonato Paulista titles.
Santos developed many Brazilian internationals.
Robinho emerged from Santos.
Santos became globally famous through Pelé.
Santos won the Libertadores in 1962.
Santos won the Libertadores in 1963.
Santos has a strong youth development tradition.
Santos remains one of Brazil's historic clubs.
Vila Belmiro is Santos' traditional home ground.
Santos has produced many creative attackers.
Santos won multiple national trophies.
Santos is one of Brazil's most recognized clubs.